okay um good morning everyone
I think Matilda is expressing the
general sentiment of our entire group
yes so we talked about replicating a
replication protocol what is a
replication protocol you might ask
so a replication protocol means a way to
replicate all or part of a merkel dag in
an untrusted environment ie ipfs
starting with only a root block hash how
do we move DAGs
around quickly we want to do it fast we
want to optimize both latency and
transfer speed we need to utilize the
distributed nature of ipfs to make it
even faster like way faster than like
all you know yesterday's news of HTTP
and finally it would be nice if we could
do it in an IP FS environment where it
wasn't trivially easy to DDoS the entire
network because that would be a bummer
so we talked a lot about it and these
two were like super awesome in like
rolling along with a complicated problem
that I spend most of my time thinking
about and they had awesome ideas and
helpful suggestions along the way that
really helped us get to a cooler place
and so one solution the solution that
we've had forever is bit swap which
allows you to rip replicate a dag by
walking it block by block and which
makes it easy to verify because each
block has a hash and you can bear and
hat rehash the data you receive and
verify it's correct it's easy to
parallel lies works really well for wide
and flat graphs but particularly for
long and narrow graphs there's a ton of
latency because you have to go is this
flag mean we're done all right
grass Inc super-awesome opposite case
request a dag by in a query language
works really well for deep and narrow
graphs but not as good for other things
meanwhile manifests a whole new thing
idea taken from desync someone in the
room made that gay cool go be 5
and you might what might be able to help
you optimize all these things and choose
between them and now we're done so we're
gonna build a meta protocol it does all
the things sorry I missed the rule
section